---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: false
---

**Last updated**  
14 July 2020

# Privacy Policy For InfyTracer

## Welcome To InfyTracer

<br>

## 1. Introduction

**Dhanraj Chavan** (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the mobile application (hereinafter referred to as “**Service**”).

Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to [https://bit.ly/30gfwNA](https://bit.ly/30gfwNA)

## 2. Definations

**SERVICE** means the [https://bit.ly/30gfwNA](https://bit.ly/30gfwNA) website operated by **Dhanraj Chavan**

**USAGE DATA** is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**COOKIES** are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

## 3. Information Collection & Use

We **DO NOT** collect any personal data, usage-data nor cookies at all for the service.

Our app may **request access** to following types of data, but only when required:

1) **Camera** (Used to scan Documents, Business Cards, Pamphlets, Receipts)

2) **Contacts** (Used to Create New Contacts)

## 4. Security

All your data is securely stored & never shared with anyone at anytime unless you explicitly ask the app to do so.

## 5. Links To Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## 6.Children’s Privacy

Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 17 (“**Child**” or “**Children**”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under **17**. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## 7. Changes To Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## 8. Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: [infytracer@gmail.com](mailto:infytracer@gmail.com)
